Now you know how to create and run tests using both J-Unit four as well as JUNIT five the rest of the
scores will use the Junit 4 way of doing things because there are a lot of projects out there which
are still on Junit 4.
And when I first recorded this course it was Junit 4.
But if you want to use junit 5 As you progress through the course instead of creating standalone projects
like this, create a maven project when I create a project you create maven project include the dependencies
like how you have done it in this section and in your tests you will use the J Unit 5 annotations instead of
junit 4 annotations and include the junit platform dot class to run your test.
So key steps are to create a maven project if you want to use junit 5 create a maven Project add
the appropriate dependencies which you have learnt in this section and use the right annotations on
your tests.
Once you do that everything else even when you work with Mockito will work as expected.